Env vars docs (#49346)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/environments.rst

This allows for a much-needed reduction in redundancy between packages
and constraints.

-----------------
Modifying Environment Variables
-----------------

Spack Environments can modify environment variables when activated.  The environment can be
configured to set, unset, prepend, or append using ``env_vars`` option in the ``spack.yaml``

> file:

Reviewer: Please add that it can also be set with an `env_vars.yaml` file. It is a proper config scope so it can exist outside the `spack.yaml`

Reviewer: My statement is actually wrong.  I'll put up a PR to fix it in a minute.

This allows for a much-needed reduction in redundancy between packages
and constraints.

-------------------------------
Modifying Environment Variables
-------------------------------

> Spack Environments can modify environment variables when activated.  The environment can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spack Environments can modify the active shell's environment variables when activated.  The environment can be
```
I feel like just stating environment variables is a little too ambiguous here.

Author: Thanks thats a good clarification

> configured to set, unset, prepend, or append using ``env_vars`` option in the ``spack.yaml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured to set, unset, prepend, or append using ``env_vars`` configuration in the ``spack.yaml``  or through config scopes
```
This is a configuration scope, and users can set the values in `env_vars.yaml` as well.
